# SuperMega - Cordyceps Implementation

> Ophiocordyceps camponoti-balzani is a species of fungus that parasitizes 
> insect hosts of the order Hymenoptera, primarily ants. O. 
> camponoti-balzani infects ants, and eventually kills the hosts after 
> they move to an ideal location for the fungus to spread its spores.

Ophiocordyceps camponoti-balzani


## What

SuperMega is a shellcode loader. It will take a shellcode as input, protects it, adds a loader,
and injects the resulting shellcode into an exe. 

FUD.

And: 
* Only works with 64 bit (shellcode and infecteble exe's)

Features: 
* Loader source is C yay
* Execution-Guardrails
  * Environment variables
* configurable implementation
* different EXE injection techniques

Plugins: 
* source style:
  * PEB_WALK
  * IAT_REUSE
* alloc style:
  * RWX
  * REUSE_RWX
* decoder style:
  * PLAIN_1
  * XOR_1
* dataref style:
  * APPEND


## Directories

* `shellcodes/`: Input: Shellcodes we want to use as input (payload)
* `source/`: Input: Loader C templates
* `plugins/`: Input: Loader C implementations
* `exes/`: Input: Nonmalicious EXE files we inject into
* `build/`: build: Temporary files during build process
* `logs/`: build: Files generated by building (inspect for debugging)
* `out/`: output. The generated result: infected exe

## Installation

Configure `config.yaml` with: 
* Path to Visual Studio 2022 compiler and assembler
* Path to mash_shc and runshc: https://github.com/hasherezade/masm_shc. 


`config.yaml`:
```yaml
path_cl: 'C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\Community\VC\Tools\MSVC\14.37.32822\bin\Hostx64\x64\cl.exe'
path_ml64:  'C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\Community\VC\Tools\MSVC\14.37.32822\bin\Hostx64\x64\ml64.exe'

path_masmshc:  'C:\Users\hacker\Source\Repos\masm_shc\out\build\x64-Debug\masm_shc\masm_shc.exe'
path_runshc: 'C:\Users\hacker\Source\Repos\masm_shc\out\build\x64-Debug\runshc\runshc.exe'
```

Make sure its the `Hostx64/x64/` one exe. Make sure to compile
msmshc and runshc as 64bit. You can also replace runshc with
your own shellcode loader. 

Alternatively, you can maybe use a 64bit Visual Studio developer console or insert env paths:
```
"C:\Program Files\Microsoft Visual Studio\2022\Community\VC\Auxiliary\Build\vcvars64.bat"
```
And just use executable "cl.exe" and "ml64.exe". 


A list of packages/components which may be required for Visual Studio 2022:
* C++ 2022 Redistributable Update
* C++ Build Insights
* C++ CMake tools for windows
* C++ /CLI support for v143 build tools (lastest)
* MSBuild
* MSVC v133 - VS 2002 C++ x64/x86 build tools (latest)
* C++ ATL for latest v143 build tools (x86 & x64)
* C++ MFC for latest v143 build tools (x86 & x64)
* Windows 11 SDK